ATDD User Guide
===============

Organization of the Manual 
--------------------------
This User Manual contains all essential information for the user to make full use of 
the Acoustic Telemetry Data Display (ATDD). This manual includes a description of the 
system functions, capabilities, and step-by-step procedures for system use.  Use graphics 
as a reference to our instructions where possible. The manual format may be altered if
another format is more suitable for the particular project.

System Overview
---------------
Since 1966, when the shark lab was established at CSULB, it has studied physiological and 
behavioral ecology of not only sharks but marine life in general. Not only to educate and
further our understanding but to emphasize the effects of human activity on marine life
and take action to conserve and restore depleted populations. The Acoustic Telemetry Data
Display is a web based application that will display visual representations of marine life
movement along the California coast. The shark lab has set up over 100 receivers along the
California coast to record date, time, and id of tagged sharks and fishes. This data can be 
used to plot a point on a map to pin point the location of any particular fish at the time
when the fish is detected. The data collected by the receivers will be used by the ATDD system 
to allow the user to see points on a map where certain species or individual fish have been 
spotted. This system will help field professionals, learning institutions and the general public 
further their knowledge about marine life behavior. The system will be specifically useful in the
understanding of movement and migration patterns and what causes them. Focusing particularly in
the influence of human activity, the ATDD system will help people understand how things like 
offshore oil platforms and contaminants influence the movements and migration of fish along the coast. 

Instructions
------------
1. Picking Species and/or Individual
	The first step in using ATDD is by selecting species and/or individuals. 
	By clicking on the drop down menu of Select Species we can pick what species
	to display or we could select All to display all species. Moreover, we can 
	select individual species by clicking on the <b>Select Individual drop down menu. 
	Here we can select any individuals from the selected species to display on the map.
	
	Note: Selecting individual is not a mandatory field to generate the map animation.
	
2. Picking Dates and Setting the Time Frame
	The next step is to pick our starting and ending date. First we click on Start Date
	field and pick our starting date. Similarly, we click on End Date field to pick
	our ending date. Next we have to decide our time frame. We can pick our time frame 
	by simply clicking on one of the four options: Hourly, Daily, Weekly, and Monthly. 
	
	Note: It is recommended to pick a larger time frame if your start and end dates are
		too far apart. If not, then the animation could be considerably longer.
		
3. Generate
	After filling out all the required fields, such as: Select Specie, Start Date, End 
	Date and time frame, we can click on Generate button to produce our animation. 
	
	Note: There will be a warning sign if there is a missing field(s). 
	
4. Start Animation
	Our next step is clicking on the Start button. You would notice that the map is 
	being adjusted accordingly and our detections are being generated on the map. 
	You can pause the animation anytime by clicking on the Stop button. 
	
5. Details
	As you may have noticed by now, there is a Details section to our interface. During
	the animation, we can hover our mouse over any of the detections to get more information
	such as: Date, Time, Latitude and Longitude of that detection.

6. Clearing the Map
	After generating and playing the animation, you can reset the map by clicking on Clear
	button to clear all the field.	